Dorothy lived in the State of Kansas with her Uncle Henry and  her  Aunt  Em. 
They all lived in a little wooden house in the middle of the great Kansas prairie.
Theland was very flat and there were no trees or other houses nearby. Uncle Henry
was a farmer and he had built he woodenhouse himself, many years before. The house
only had one room. That room was used for eating and for sleeping in too. There was 
a little hole under the house that was called the "cyclone  cellar". The family hid
in the cellar when the strong winds of a cyclone blew across the prairie. The hot
sun had burnt the paint on the little house. Now the paint on the house was gray.
The sun had burnt the landaround the house too. Everything on the prairie was gray.
Uncle Henry and Aunt Em had gray hair and gray, tiredfaces. Dorothy's Uncle Henry 
and Aunt Em were poor and theyhad  worked  very hard all  their  lives.  It  was 
not easy to be a farmer on the prairie and Uncle Henry was always very tired. He
never smiled and Aunt Em always looked sad too. But Dorothy was always laughing.
The girl had a little black dog called Toto. Dorothy played with Toto all day long.
But today, Dorothy and Toto were not playing. Uncle Henry was standing with Dorothy
in the doorway of thelittle house. He was looking at the gray sky and he was very worried. 
Then they heard the sound of a strong wind. It was coming from the south. It whistled and roared.
It blewthe long grass of the prairie until it was flat. "There's a cyclone coming, Em!" Uncle
Henry called to Dorothy Scarecrow Tin Man Cowardly Lion Aunt Em Uncle Henry and his  wife.
"Get into the cyclone cellar! You get in too,Dorothy. I'll look after the cows and horses.
"Quick,  Dorothy!  Get  inside!" Aunt Em cried as she opened the wooden trap  door to  the
cellar. Aunt Em climbed down through the trap door into the little hole. Dorothy ran into 
the house with Toto. But the little dog was afraid of the wind. He jumped down from Dorothy's 
arms and ran under her bed.  Dorothy caught him quickly and ran back across the room. But it 
was too late.The wind had blown into the house and shut the trap door. Dorothy could not get  
into the cyclone cellar. The wind blew harder and harder. The little house shook and Dorothy
fell down onto the floor.